Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
The future...
The polar ice caps
have melted.
covering the earth with water.
Those who survived
have adapted
to a new world.
Bad luck. English.
But the Slavers are producing
a good grade of poxy these days.
Cost you a handful of dirt
or maybe that wind chime.
What are you doing here?
Just waiting.
Take your hand off the sail.
Take it off!
I've seen your boat before.
Haven't seen you.
Took it legal.
Previous owner was dead
on the tiller when I found it.
You had another hour
before I traded up again.
Just improving my means.
Well. I owe you then.
No. thanks.
I got all the supplies I need.
Just came from an atoll.
Eight days east.
if you're interested.
Two Drifters meet. something
needs to be exchanged.
I know the code. But I'll
give you this one for free.
Nothing's free in Waterworld.
Yeah.
Smokers.
Just enough wind
to get away clean.
Forget the bag.
It's not worth it. You'll never
make it with your sails down.
Hey!
What can I say?
Joe. he's going for it.
What the hell?
Never seen that before.
Here we go! Go!
Drive! Drive!
Faster! Faster!
Come on! He's gonna get
it! He's gonna get it!
Go!
Get him! Get him!
No! No!
No!
How many ways can I say it?
Go on. hit the swells.
What do you think? He
does have a bush on him.
Cut a side barter if you
want. but don't open the gates.
Inbound!
Straight out.
English.
Flag's down. Drifter.
We got enough traders.
What does he have?
Open the gates!
Dirt.
Bones to berries.
Veins to vine.
These tendons to trees.
This blood to brine.
Too old she was.
This woman does leave us.
recycled and enshrined
in the presence of him
who leads us.
What is that?
You know me?
I know what you are.
Good.
Then you know if you look
for trouble while you're here.
you'll find more
than you can handle.
You got two hours.
I'll only need one.
He's coming over here.
Me.
You each get one
if everything's here
when I get back.
Pure dirt.
3.2 kilos.
How'd you come by
so much of it?
Another atoll 30 horizons
west of here.
Where'd they get it?
They didn't say.
We heard about that
place. that they was all killed.
That's why they didn't say.
Smokers?
Maybe Smokers.
maybe Slavers.
So what's the word?
We trading or not?
We'll tally it
like pure hydro.
Works out to 62 chits.
I want twice that.
You drive
a hard bargain.
Dirt?
I have never seen purer.
I just want
one sip of hydro!
No.
not till you tell me.
She got inkings on her back.
I seen her.
They say if you read
the marks on the child.
they'll lead you
all the way to Dryland.
Dryland's a myth.
Some still believe.
They say the Smokers even
got an eye out for her.
Well. then. we'd better
keep it to ourselves.
Help you?
Yeah.
Where's the store?
You found it.
You don't have much.
You the man with the dirt?
I'll take a hydro.
All six G's.
Got any canvas? Line?
Well. we've got line.
It's hair. No canvas.
I'll take the line.
Any seeds?
Nope.
Wood?
Magazines?
If I had a magazine.
I'd retire.
Something to drink?
Cup of hydro.
Pure.
Skoal.
One more.
Make it two.
A man this rich will buy for
a fellow outwater. I'm sure.
One.
That's an interesting
pair of boots you got.
Trade?
No.
So. how long you
been out there. man?
Don't hurt asking.
Talking costs you nothing.
Depends.
What lunar is it?
Well. let's see. Abbo.
Farch. June... It's August.
It's August?
Yep.
So. how long?
Fifteen.
Fifteen lunars?
That's her.
Enola.
Hey. what are you doing?
No. you can't do that.
I need another piece.
I want to draw some more.
I'll give it to you.
Just stay in the back.
With all those chits.
you could order up a bath.
Have you ever had a freshwater
bath? Why are you talking to me?
Just being friendly.
Is that a tomato plant?
Yeah.
You have a keen eye.
Saw one in a picture.
How much?
Half your chits.
I'll take them. too.
Take what?
You bought everything.
I'll take them shelves.
So. what did you see out there
in your 15 months?
Such as?
An end to all this water.
Asking the wrong person.
Where did he come from?
The one they buried today? Uh-huh.
She found the
only end there is.
I've got a proposition
for you. Mariner.
I'm not bargaining.
I'm leaving.
But you haven't even heard
anything yet. or seen it.
You may have noticed us
burying a citizen today.
That makes room for one more.
I'm not staying.
We're not asking you to.
All we want is your seed.
We can look to
our own for impregnation.
but too much of that sort
of thing gets undesirable.
When she's pregnant.
you go on your way with
all the supplies you need.
You don't have anything.
You're dying.
No man stays out that long
and turns down a woman.
He's hiding something.
Maybe he's a Smoker spy.
When the elders say so. you
can leave. and not before.
Gills.
Mutation!
He's a mutant!
My hand!
Don't let him
get in the water!
Throw the nets!
He's a murderer!
By what right...
You pay me
to keep the peace.
This isn't it.
No!
He has killed
one of ours.
He was defending himself.
He needs
to be destroyed!
- Kill him. Let's kill him
- That may be.
but not here
and not like this.
What is it?
Damn.
They're too tight.
I can't get it off.
Open the gate.
This is another device
we found on the boat.
A garrote cord.
for strangulation!
We don't know what
this is all about.
but we believe it to be some
sort of torturing device!
And this...
And this is a spy tool. for
listening to the unsuspecting.
The evidence
speaks for itself.
I move that we dispense with
the mute-o as soon as possible.
and in no way...
Why?
Why not use him?
Because he is a threat to the
safety and the purity of this atoll.
He is not a threat.
he's in a cage.
He killed one
of ours. however.
Is he dangerous or not?
I'd say he is now.
Well. but he came in
here with all this dirt.
the likes of which
we haven't seen in years.
not since Enola came.
Oh. what about it?
So it had to come
from somewhere.
What if it came
from Dryland?
Oh. don't start!
He came from the west.
I can tell you that.
Locusts come from there. I've
been told that. From the west.
But if he is a spy.
this ichthyo-man
will give away our
position. our weaknesses.
And if he isn't?
But he's still a mute-o. and he
can contaminate our community.
And others!
What others?
We haven't seen or heard from
another atoll in over a year.
Let's keep to
the issue at hand.
No. this is the
issue at hand.
Every year. every month.
it gets worse.
There are fewer atollers.
fewer traders. Dead gardens.
these windmills
that don't work.
desalinators that
can't be fixed.
This place. this whole way
of living. it's ending.
Doesn't anyone else
see that?
When I was a boy. there
were lots of atolls.
You keep on praying for help.
and now one man comes here
who might actually be able
to save us... He's not a man!
It doesn't matter what he is!
I say. if he knows the way to
Dryland. make him show us where it is!
People have looked for centuries.
and death is all they found!
Well. at least
they died trying!
It's a hoax. and the sooner
you realize that. Helen.
the better off
we're all going to be!
We'd be better off if we got
rid of that girl of hers. too!
Right!
Yeah!
The Smokers are looking for
her! I heard it from a trader!
One matter at a time!
I say get rid
of both of them!
The mute-o and the girl!
Yes! Yes!
Order! Order!
Quiet down!
You'd like this.
wouldn't you?
Stick him.
Sure is quiet
from the shark that
he was this afternoon.
Maybe we hurt him.
Come on. let's go.
No! Stick him again.
I know you want it.
I know. Maybe he don't
need his own kind.
That's it!
Don't move. my dear!
And from Aries to Taurus.
I forgot Taurus. the bull.
and in the shoulder of the bull.
the Pleiades. the Six Sisters.
Well. Seven Sisters.
but you can only see six.
But at the beginning
of each lunar.
one of the sisters is perpendicularly
lined up with Scorpius.
And the Scorpius has a tail
just like the arrow.
and that arrow bisects the circle.
like on the back of the child.
Now. if I take into account
the seventh sister.
and I give the
seventh sister a lunar.
well. then that lunar. it will
run perpendicular to Scorpius.
creating against the dawn horizon a
straight line that would run directly...
Directly toward...
Dryland!
No.
Is it a map?
Is it a calendar?
Is it symbols?
Is it language?
You'd tell me if you knew.
wouldn't you. Enola?
Mmm-hmm.
What are you drawing?
I don't know.
Helen. look. Look at the
prodigal child's latest vision.
We've got to get
out of here.
I take it the meeting
didn't go well.
They're putting us adrift.
Gregor. I can feel it.
No. no. they're not
going to hurt you.
I'd turn their lights
off if they did.
How soon before
we can go?
Another week. ideally.
We don't have a week.
Helen. I don't have any
idea yet where we can go.
Try your books again.
The books? There's...
There's nothing in them.
There's nothing there.
I've been through the books.
There's nothing in these books.
She is the Annunciation.
I know it.
I just don't know how.
I'm a stupid man.
The answer's right there.
It's just beyond me.
Maybe he knows.
Yes. I see.
They are webbed.
One. two. three. four. five. six. seven.
eight. nine. ten digits. That's wonderful.
They tell me. too. that you
have gills. Isotropic gills.
Are they merely vestigial
or are they functional?
My name is Gregor. I've just
come to pay you a little...
Oh. my God.
I'm sorry. I'm not laughing
at you. I'm excited.
Your gills.
they're functional.
Ichthyus sapien. You
can breathe in the water.
How deep can you go?
Look. I'm only here because I
want to learn more about you.
You don't like humans
very much. do you?
I can't say
that I blame you.
But tell me. are all of your
kind as bad-tempered as you are?
I have no kind.
Oh. fish rot.
I'd be surprised if there weren't
others. and if there aren't.
there will be eventually.
Anyway. I've come here because
I need to ask you a question.
Where did your dirt
come from?
Is it from Dryland?
Do you know what this is?
The ancients. they did
something terrible. didn't they?
To cause all this water.
Hundreds. hundreds of years ago.
If I tell you.
will you open this lock?
I haven't a key.
There's a mooring cleat
down there.
What?
Good as any key.
A mooring cleat?
I won't hurt anyone.
I'll just leave.
I'll be right back.
Gregor!
What's your business there?
Move along!
I'm not a brave man.
If you know anything about
Dryland. please tell me. Please!
Don't let it die with you.
No. no. no. no. Stop!
Gregor!
Move along!
Get out of the way!
After considerable
deliberation of the evidence at hand.
it is our decision that this mute-o
does. indeed. constitute a threat.
Therefore. in the interest
of public safety.
he is hereby sentenced
to be recycled
in the customary fashion.
Proceed.
I'm sorry.
Bones to berries.
Veins to vines.
These tendons to trees.
This blood to brine.
Too strange
for life he was.
This mute-o
now does leave us.
recycled and entombed.
in the presence of him
who leads us.
Smokers!
Get out of the sun!
To your posts!
Oh. my God!
Kill!
There!
We are safe behind this wall.
Aren't we?
Let me out!
Let me out! I'll fight!
Help me!
I can't find my dad!
He's probably
on the wall.
Now. go in there. get a weapon
and fight. Go! Go now. Go!
Go. go!
Come on. boys!
I said move it!
Come on! Go! Go! Go!
Give me the key
to the city now.
Let's go! Let's go!
Let's go!
Floor it! Floor it!
Come on!
Swab it! Swab it!
More ammo!
Break down the door!
My God!
Go to work now!
We'll have this atoll
in no time.
Crank it! Crank it!
Look!
Look out!
Oh. no!
Oh. my...
Helen!
Keep that gas going!
Fill them up!
It's the girl they want!
Give them Enola
and they leave!
Come quickly!
Helen! Helen!
You're not supposed
to go yet!
Infernal machine!
Damn you!
Gregor. Gregor. wait!
Helen. I tried. There was an accident.
I couldn't make it stop. Hurry!
You can make it if you
try. Run! Please. stop!
Up those stairs.
Run! Quickly!
Wait! Wait! I'll throw
you a rope. Run quickly!
Throw the rope now.
Run. Enola.
Slow down! Wait!
No! No!
Wait!
Gregor. don't leave us! Oh. no!
I'm sorry!
It was an accident!
Helen! Enola!
Helen. I'm sorry!
Shoot him. Shoot him.
If I let you out of here.
you're taking us with you.
Sure.
Enola. get down.
Here. Get over here.
Get down.
Hurry! Come on!
Get the gate.
Hurry up!
Kamikaze! Come on!
That made a hole.
Find her!
Get the girl!
There!
Go get that guy!
Go! Kill him!
Wow!
Enola!
You're too slow!
Run to the other side.
Come on!
Grab on!
Hold on. hold on.
It's stuck!
I can't make it through!
Let her go!
Just drop her!
Turn the wheel.
The wheel! Turn it!
That! Come on! Push it!
I am!
Hurry! Now pull!
Push it! Push it hard!
Push it!
Okay. okay! Now pull this!
Pull this! Go! Go!
Pull it! Pull!
Enola. jump.
Jump! Look at me.
Jump! Now!
Okay!
Well. excuse me!
Did I say anybody could leave
before the battle was over? Did I?
No!
Well. do something.
I hate sails.
Hey! Can you steer?
Can I trust you?
Answer me this. somebody.
Why is that boat still firing?
What's that cousin's name?
Chuck.
Hey. Chuck! He's pulling
him right into us.
Maybe he doesn't answer to
Chuck. Call him Charles. Charles!
Stop him! Stop him!
Charles!
Adios. cousins.
Put me down!
She's here somewhere.
Keep looking.
Yes. I'II... 660 G's of hydro.
three-quarter grade or better.
120 keys of assorted edibles.
jerk fish and plankton cakes.
60 keys lamp oil.
44 old-growth grape vines.
10 assorted fruit trees.
zero reloads.
no animal storage
on this particular atoll.
zero go-juice.
no refining capability.
Primitive savages!
How about smokes?
Zero. Zero smokes.
I remember when
this used to be fun.
How long's it been since we
had a really good crusade?
I know. I know.
Tell me. how long?
I don't know. I...
Remember. there used to be
atolls on every horizon?
Mmm-hmm.
Where the hell
are they all going?
Well. we sunk a few.
Found this.
Nord?
Oh. now that's warmer. Hey.
all right. And the girl?
She's not here.
She might have gotten away.
That's why we came here!
We didn't come here to
practice! We don't need practice!
It's too late now!
Never mind!
What you got?
Couple of heartbeats over
there. Aren't saying much.
If you'll notice the arterial nature of
the blood coming from the hole in my head.
you can assume that we're
all having a real lousy day.
So here it is. I need to
know about that tattooed girl.
First one that
tells me lives.
I saw a girl. I saw...
It was... She had
a big tattoo on her.
I saw a girl.
I'm not sure. but I think she
got on that boat with three hulls.
The boat that cost me
1.000 G's of go-juice?
Yeah. the mute-o's boat.
Mute-o?
Yeah. He got these slits here.
Like fish gills.
He wasn't really a man.
A fluke of evolution.
Oh. I'm sorry. A fluke of...
Evolution.
I know!
Let's have an intelligent
conversation here.
I'll talk.
and you listen.
In the beginning. the provider
said. "Let there be water."
and the seas came forth.
He created everything
that we know.
Hey! Hey! Get in here!
The sun. the air
that we breathe!
He made. also. both man and
fish. and no combination thereof.
He does not abide
the notion of evolution.
Amen!
No! No. you said you
wouldn't kill me!
Did I say that?
Witnesses. anybody. did I?
Yes. yes. yes!
You said...
You said it.
Oh. I may have.
I may have.
No. no. no. you said
you wouldn't...
We get to the 'Deez.
tank up that sky boat.
send it out on patrol.
We gotta keep an eye out
for that ichthy-freak.
I know what you're thinking.
Thinking how much longer that hydro'd last
if there weren't three of us on this boat.
Well. Enola won't drink much.
And I won't...
I won't drink at all.
Not till we get there.
Get where?
I don't know.
wherever you're going.
Wherever you got your dirt.
Told you before. I salvaged it
off an atoll the Smokers hit.
Smokers don't leave
anything after a raid.
especially dirt.
You been there. haven't you?
Dryland?
You know where it is.
Yeah. I know where it is.
And... And we're going?
You and I are.
The kid we gotta
pitch over the side.
What?
My boat's tore up.
I'm taking on water.
I'd be lucky to get half
a hydro ration out of that.
You know...
I said I won't drink.
For 12 days?
No. It's better one of you dies
now than both of you die slow.
Wait. Wait.
We saved your life.
We got you out.
No. you got me out so you
could get out. We're even.
She can cook.
She can fish.
So can I. Then take my
necklace. Take my necklace.
I got better ones below.
No. look!
After what you went through
back there on the atoll.
I can understand
why you would want to.
But she's a child.
Is there something else.
then?
Enola! Go below.
Enola.
Yeah.
You said so yourself.
Been out there a long time.
Couple hours ago.
I was potential dirt to you.
We're not like that.
You all are.
Know what I was
really thinking?
Why I don't drop both of you
in my wake right now.
You got nothing I need.
You're taking us to Dryland.
Killing's a hard thing
to do well.
Believe me. I'm not
the one to start on.
Both of us!
How long you plan
to hold that on me?
As long as it takes.
Okay.
No!
Let me out of here!
Where the hell are you?
Don't you touch my child.
Come here!
No. Don't hurt...
Okay. now. don't move.
okay? There.
Oh. looking real good. yeah.
There. There.
All done.
Now. there may be some small
problem in depth perception.
Well. it better not
screw up my short game.
Well?
Looks good.
I like it. Yeah.
I like it better
than your real eye.
Much better.
What do you say. Toby?
The truth.
Looks like slime.
That's why I love children.
No guile.
It does look like slime.
And it feels like cold slime!
Deacon?
What...
I'm sorry. It's just that
there's a problem in the pit.
Maybe you should come.
Let's drive.
The pit. Don't bother
with the scenic route.
Drive!
Hey. it's driving better.
Get off!
Get off.
Get out of the way.
All right. all right.
all right. Okay. okay.
Bless you. cousins. Bless you.
Bless all you cousins over there.
Keep up the good work.
Growth is progress.
Somebody! Hey. up there!
Take it off!
Yes.
Your Deaconship.
Hello. Good morning.
Or night. whichever
the case may be.
What is it? I'm a busy man.
I thought you should know.
We're down to exactly
four feet. nine inches
of black stuff.
Thank you. sir.
How many G's
is that after refining?
Maybe three refuelers.
We'll burn through that
in two lunars. Sweet Joe!
Will somebody please tell me
what's happening to this place?
We outgrowed it.
All right. the only thing that
is important is the tattooed girl.
We don't spare any
go-juice finding her.
We don't waste it
anywhere else.
You cancel all those tractor pulls
and all that stuff until later.
You got it?
Dryland is the mother Iode.
On your toes.
Why don't you
use sea hydro?
Salt's harder
on the filters.
Can we have some?
It's for her. not me.
Here. come on.
Is he going to take
use to Dryland?
Sure he is. Yeah.
All of it. All of it.
All of it.
Good. Good. good.
Come on.
Thanks for not killing us.
Just stay away from him.
Hi.
Move.
Enola!
Enola. come here!
Come on!
Enola. come over here.
Hey!
What are you doing?
Decorating your boat.
It's ugly.
Where did you get this?
From down below.
This is mine! You don't
touch anything of mine.
I drew it for you.
You don't draw on anything.
You understand?
This is my boat.
I got it the way I like it.
You take up space
and you slow me down.
You know.
she's just a little girl.
She doesn't know
your rules.
You wanna stay?
You teach her.
Enola.
what'd I tell you?
You're not so tough.
You know that?
How many people
have you killed?
Ten? Twenty?
You talk a lot.
I talk a lot 'cause
you don't talk at all.
Now. how many?
Including little girls?
I'm not afraid of you.
I told Helen you wouldn't be
so ugly if you cut your hair.
In fact.
you talk all the time.
It's like a storm when
you're around. HELEN: Enola!
Hey! What are you doing?
Helen!
You butcher!
She can't swim!
Help me! Helen!
Helen. help me!
Helen!
Helen! Helen!
Hold on!
Look at me. Look at me.
Look at me.
Oh. please.
come back. Please!
Please! Oh. please!
Hey!
Hold on. Okay. almost...
Thanks. I swear. if you
ever touch her again...
Look at me.
You will go to bed that night
and you will never wake up.
Shut up.
What?
Smokers?
Yeah.
Can't we outrun them?
Not with my sail down.
What are you
thinking about?
That's a nice touch.
That's them.
Don't hit the kid.
Hey!
Coward!
Oh. come on!
No!
Joe!
Cut it!
Come on! Come on!
All right. Okay.
Oh. I'm really sorry.
I'm sorry. But you didn't
give me much choice.
Oh. I know.
But you ran away.
I... What?
What are you...
No! Please. no! No!
Don't ever touch anything
on my boat again.
She said
she was sorry!
That means you're supposed
to say something back!
Did you say something?
Mmm-mmm.
Fore!
Nice putt.
It wasn't a putt. That was a drive.
And I wasn't even using my good eye.
Damn it!
You got an ashtray
or something?
Oh. man.
Damn thing never
did work right.
You said to bring the pilot. Yes. I did.
Well. he's here.
Well. why didn't
you tell me?
Come on. Nord.
Come on. tell me about it.
The child. Did he have
the girl with him?
Yeah. and some atoll witch!
They killed Ed.
Now. now. don't you
fret yourself.
Plenty more where
Ed came from.
Heading west-southwest?
From here.
Seems to me if we launch now. we
can cut him down just about here.
If he doesn't change course.
It's not likely.
He's a wily one.
that ichthy-demon.
Hello!
Drifter?
Mmm-hmm.
Are we gonna stop?
Look at the flag!
His flag's up.
I thought you all
stopped for each other.
Well. maybe
he has some food!
Don't find many who follow
the rules anymore.
Well. make it quick.
What's your business?
Trade.
You got any resin?
Resin? He's gotta be out of his mind. He's
out of his mind. I don't have any resin.
You been outwater a long time.
haven't you?
Must be joking me. man. Resin!
You don't got enough.
How about food?
Could you say that again.
please?
How about food?
Yeah. food.
Yeah. that'd be good. eh?
I haven't eaten in.
well. you know. forever.
Which one of you two is the cook?
'Cause I usually fall for the waitress.
Like you said.
I don't have much.
I'll say. Let's see.
We can start with that wee
orchard you got over there.
All right.
hold it there.
We can talk.
Fair enough.
It's a nice rod.
isn't it?
I like that rod.
It's a nice rod.
Got yourself a wee harem
going here. now. don't you. eh?
What do you want
for the women?
We're not for sale.
Not for sale? There's no
such thing as not for sale.
"Not for sale"!
Not for sale. eh?
Are they a pair. or would you
consider selling them separate?
No. Our business
is done here
unless you got some resin
or sail you can part with.
I told you once already.
I don't have any.
I don't have.
Don't have. Don't have.
Haven't seen either for trade in
lunars now. Wait. Wait. wait. wait.
I do have something that'll
make you change your mind.
Something that
you can't pass on.
I took it off an
atoller refugee camp.
The life savings
of the entire clan.
Paper. Look at my wee paper.
It's paper. Have you ever
seen paper? Look at it.
Smell it.
I been saving it
for a special trade.
Don't you do it.
You know. maybe I'm talking
to the wrong person here.
Whose boat is this?
Is it your boat or your boat?
No. No. it's his boat.
But he doesn't own us.
Half an hour.
Is he out of his mind
or something here?
I got two pages in here. man!
I mean. I'd get half a dozen
girls with this. you know.
Half an hour.
You trading or not?
Don't.
Shut up.
Okay.
Forty-five minutes
with the wee one over there.
I like to do the talking.
if you know what I mean.
No!
Fair enough.
Come. come. come. come. come!
No. My boat.
Fair enough. Fair enough.
Good. good. good. Aye.
Helen.
Sit down.
Enola. just do as he says.
Half an hour.
Come here. come here.
It's been a while
for me now.
Guess it's been more
than a while. actually.
I've only got half an hour. Half an
hour. half an hour. half an hour...
Right. right. right...
You're so beautiful. Aye!
Anyone ever told you that?
Give me that. What are you
doing? It's just a game.
Oh. I... I...
We was just playing.
The trade's off.
I changed my mind.
Well. you can't do that.
I mean. a deal's a deal. aye?
I just did.
Hey!
She's mine. Aye. No. No.
no. I won't have it. no.
Go on. Get. get. get.
Go. go. go. Good. good.
But don't go too far. now.
This won't take but a minute.
I hate this boat.
I hate this boat!
You garbage.
You're pretty stingy for a man who's
got everything. aren't you. now?
You...
Where's me boat?
Help me to me boat.
Me boat.
Yeah. if he knows
he's been spotted.
he'll expect us to expect
him to change course.
which is exactly why
he'll keep his heading.
The important question is.
where's he heading?
And does he know
how precious his cargo is?
Dryland. Salvation.
Room to grow. Eighteen holes.
Thirty-six. Seventy-two!
I say that he's headed here.
and we take him here.
How long before
we get some wind?
Days. maybe.
Then why don't we fish?
What for?
So we can get
something to eat?
We ate two days ago.
You ate!
Just...
Just help me fix this.
I'll catch
something myself.
You're not going to catch
anything with this around here.
Look. we're not trying
to make you angry.
And you don't disappear just
because you turn your back on us.
You don't know what
fishing's like around here.
Well. then you do it.
if you're the authority.
Maybe he doesn't
know how to fish.
I think
you're right. Enola.
Shut up. will you?
I'm trying to listen
for engines.
I will not shut up until
you stop what you're doing
and you help me find something
to eat for this child!
I will scream
so loud that...
What the... No!
Never catch anything
with this. It's useless.
Look. I'm sorry.
You were right about the pole.
You were right.
but we have to eat.
Now. I know you can hear me!
Now. we can fish for ourselves.
You show us what to do.
You must know how.
Even you gotta eat!
You just sit there.
What...
I don't know.
Happy now?
You don't like
my singing. do you?
Helen says you don't like my
singing 'cause you can't sing.
Ever try and listen?
To what?
The sound of the world.
I don't hear anything.
That's because you're too loud
and you're moving
around all the time.
Try sitting still.
Eyeball?
Go ahead.
drink all you want.
It's gonna rain tonight.
I wish I had feet like his.
Then maybe I could swim.
Enola.
Sorry.
Never met a person
who couldn't swim before.
I can't.
People said I was weird.
Maybe they were right.
Maybe they were right
about you. too.
Is that from Dryland?
Yeah.
You know. I don't even
know your name.
I don't need one.
Enola wanted to
give this to you.
And this.
She won't take it again.
You don't look
much like her.
Well. I'm not her mother.
if that's what you're asking.
You act like it.
About six years ago. this basket
floated into the atoll with Enola in it.
Of course. everyone wanted to shove
her back out to sea. That was the law.
She was so precious.
I wanted to keep her.
So the elders talked and said
that if I wanted her so badly
that I could never
have a child of my own.
There was no one else. She
would have died otherwise.
So?
It's called compassion.
You probably wouldn't understand.
after being alone so much.
I'm not alone.
Got this boat for a friend.
It don't lie to me. don't
cut my throat when I'm asleep.
Gives me a place to be.
I pity you. really.
What's pity?
You don't know?
If I knew.
I wouldn't ask.
Well. if you don't know. I
could never make you understand.
What are those
marks on her back?
Nothing. They're just
fanciful things.
Like what she draws?
She draws what she sees.
She's like a mirror.
People on the atoll
thought she was a...
Freak?
Yeah.
I just thought
she was special.
I'm not giving it to her.
It's just...
A loan.
Yeah. I'm not
giving it to her.
Is Dryland beautiful?
You'll see.
Enola?
Enola. what are you doing?
Those monsters'll
kill her!
No. they're asleep now.
Hands around my neck.
Let the water tell your
arms and legs how to move.
We're going down.
Hold your breath.
What is it?
Barter outpost.
You said we'd
get to Dryland today.
Today. Tomorrow.
What's it matter?
I need resin.
What is that?
It's PortuGreek.
Their own language.
Or so I thought.
There's my girl. Yeah.
Howdy. darling.
Come on in here now.
What's going on?
Smokers.
What the hell?
He's spotted us. Sound it!
Sound it! Sound it!
Enola!
Starboard side! Now!
Get in the chair!
Watch it.
He's clearing the net.
Go to the helm.
Get the centerboard!
Centerboard?
What centerboard? Where.
exactly? I don't know what to do!
Under the helm!
Pull the handle!
Hurry! Hurry!
It's too late. Over here!
No!
Give me that rifle.
Boy. if you wanna do something
right. you've got to do it yourself.
All right.
I winged him.
I say we load all the go-juice onto
one boat and run the freak down.
You can't catch him in ten boats.
and you wanna send just one?
Well. I pray that
you're joking.
Bring me the trackers.
You lied to us.
You were gonna
sell us back there!
We both lied.
What?
I saw what I saw.
He's hurt.
Well. he should be.
He was gonna sell us.
No wonder you
let her keep it!
No. you leave it.
Why do they want her?
You know. there's nothing
human about you.
They should have killed you
the day you were born.
They tried.
No more lies.
What are the marks
on her back?
People say
it's the way to Dryland.
Dryland's a myth!
No! You said so yourself
that you know where it is.
You did.
You're a fool to believe in
something you've never seen before.
I've seen it. I've touched it! Dirt
that was richer and darker than yours.
It was in the basket
we found Enola in!
It doesn't exist! Well.
how can you be so sure?
Because I've sailed farther than most
have dreamed. and I've never seen it.
But the things on your boat!
"Things on my boat" what?
There are things on your boat
that nobody has ever seen!
What are these shells?
And that
reflecting glass?
And the music box? That...
Well. if not from Dryland.
then where? Where?
You wanna see Dryland?
You really wanna see it?
I'll take you to Dryland.
Get in.
Well. what about Enola?
There's only air for one.
Get in the water.
It'll be all right.
Don't touch anything.
Okay?
I didn't know.
All this time...
Nobody does.
Can you get us
out of here?
I'd say there're
two chances of that.
Hey!
No way and no how.
Should've bought me
that drink. Come on!
This way. Come on!
Proper introductions first.
I'm the Deacon.
If you don't recall the face. perhaps
it's 'cause I didn't always look like this.
Now. I suspect
she's somewhere real close.
So we can tear this boat
apart looking for her.
but I'd rather somebody
tell me where she is.
And the first one
that does that lives.
And the runner-up... Well.
actually. there are no runners-up.
Oh. sweet Joe.
I love this part.
Choose them.
One. two. Live or die.
You know. personally.
I'd rather shoot the
sperm-of-the-devil here.
But you know something?
I don't think you're
gonna tell me. are you?
Too bad.
Come on. What do you say?
She's not your kind.
You don't even have a kind.
If you say it.
he'll still kill us both.
Let's not get ahead
of ourselves.
If you don't tell me.
I swear to Poseidon
I will torch your boat.
Refresh my memory. What
happens when neither of them talks?
Never happened before.
All right!
If they won't tell us
where she is. do them!
Both of them!
Kill them now!
No!
So gullible!
Bring her here.
Take and ye shall receive!
No! Leave her!
So ends your daily sermonette!
Yes! Yes! Yes!
Here. take them. boys.
Take care of her.
What is it?
Stunning.
I don't have words
to even begin to...
It's magnificent!
Look at that!
That's square footage!
All we gotta do is figure out
this map. Turn her upside down.
Does that mean
anything to you?
No.
We'll figure it out back at
the 'Deez. Back at the 'Deez. boys.
Careful with her.
Careful with her!
What about them?
Do them both.
Torch the boat.
We have to go under!
No. I can't
breathe like you!
I'll breathe
for both of us.
Helen!
Helen. help!
Helen! Helen!
My boat.
Enola.
All right!
I can't wait to get this
thing out on some pavement.
Build some highways
and some freeways.
There you go. cous.
Be careful. now. You break
them. you can't use them.
Come on!
What's happening. cousin?
Not a word. She just
sits there and leaks.
Well. shiver to the liver. This'll
make her give up all her secrets. huh?
Yeah. or kill her.
Let me talk to her first.
I'm real good with kids.
What is this?
Get those chains off her.
What are we.
barbarians here?
Goodness gracious.
Sakes alive.
Come on. out of here.
you big. nasty animal. you!
Well. rub-a-dub-dub.
You wanna come over here
and sit on my lap?
No. Well. I got something
right here I know you'd like.
Like to draw. don't you?
Now. they're yours.
if you help me with just
one problem. all right?
Now. I got this parish.
Good parish. Large parish.
Getting larger
all the time. in fact.
Now. you know. I just
don't have enough faith
for all these people.
Why don't you
make less people?
Pardon?
The atoll. babies are born
only when there's room.
That way. there's food
and hydro for everyone.
Well. that's
a quaint suggestion.
But it don't
really play here.
considering we are. in fact.
the Church of Eternal Growth.
See. what we need is
more land. for more people.
Now. that tattoo
on your back.
I've been told that
that's actually a map?
It's the way to Dryland.
Now we're getting someplace.
Could you teach me
how to read that?
Setback.
Well. have you ever heard any
of your friends talk about it?
You know. like your mommy
or your pet fish?
Did he say anything?
You shouldn't make fun of
him. He wouldn't like it.
He took out my eye.
And if I ever see him again.
I'm gonna cut open his head
and eat his brains!
You think he'd like that?
Can't kill him. He's
even meaner than you are.
But he's not here.
And he ain't coming.
And no one's gonna save you.
He'll come for me.
He will.
Then you better tell me
what I wanna know
or he can see what's
left of you in a jar.
Now. I'm glad
we had this little talk.
Chain her.
Chain her up.
He'll come for me!
He'll take me away!
We're going to die here.
aren't we?
Aren't we?
After the atoll.
when I offered myself to you.
why didn't you take me?
'Cause you didn't
really want me.
Not really.
Have I been
asleep long?
I was dreaming.
It's funny.
I always thought
Dryland floated.
That it drifted with the wind.
That's why it was so hard to find.
Why did you believe
in it so much?
Because we weren't
made for the sea.
Got hands and feet.
We're supposed to walk.
I miss her sound.
Don't you?
Might be able to get
some hydro out of this.
I can't go on.
Not without her.
or Dryland.
I don't want to live
if there's nothing left.
There's no hope.
You're still here.
Thank you for saving me.
You can thank the ancients.
This is what they had.
This is what
they made of it.
That's why
I am what I am.
I may not be human.
but I don't quit.
Never have.
No matter what
they throw at me. I...
Helen!
No. no. no. Helen. up here. Above you!
Gregor!
Smart thinking.
to burn your boat.
Without the smoke. I
never would have found you.
Who's that with you?
Ichthyus sapien.
is that really you?
I'll throw the rope down. You
catch it. I'll help you climb up.
Helen. Where's Enola?
Smokers took her. They'd have
me. too. if it weren't for him.
My friend. thank you.
Very human of you.
Well. grab your things
quickly. Quickly. Come.
You see?
Right down there.
There's several of us survivors.
We'll just start over again.
Don't worry. they'll welcome
you. just like Gregor did.
You can't ask us
to go get her!
Enola's the reason
we're in all this trouble.
Forget it!
We're not going.
They don't have
any reason to kill her.
They need to find
Dryland just like we do.
Of course.
If the Mariner's
willing to go. why not us?
If he wants
to go. then let him!
We don't want
you here! You or the girl!
Helen. The papers the
Mariner brought you...
It's the same language
the tattoo is written in.
Eighty-six. 56. 27. 59...
If I can figure out what
these numbers refer to...
They refer to nothing.
What?
Dryland doesn't exist.
Gregor. you're as crazy as she is!
We can't stay here!
We're wasting valuable time. More Smokers
will come. We need to be moving now!
My friends. don't you see we need
this child if we want to find Dryland?
I'm not going.
I say let them go.
We're better off
without them. anyway!
You won't go
after her. either?
I thought you were
different. I am different.
Hey.
Hey! That's my sail!
What's he doing?
Leaving.
Not on one of our boats...
You can give it to him.
or he'll take it.
Enola said
you were her friend.
What do I tell her
when I see her again?
Lies.
If it makes you feel better.
Don't blame him.
Survival is all he knows.
That's why someday there
will be so many like him.
and probably
so few of us.
What do you want?
All kinds of things.
But right now.
we'll settle for
everything you've got.
Ain't that right. Bone?
You've already destroyed our homes.
Why can't you just leave us alone?
I don't know.
Character thing. I guess.
Ain't that right. Bone?
Bone? Bone?
I'm going after Enola.
You know. for a hideous
freak. you're okay.
It was a joke!
Know what that is yet?
What. the numbers?
Yes. I think I do.
It seems to be some ancient
form of geographic location.
latitude. longitude.
It doesn't make
sense. though.
The numbers. they seem to
be backwards or something.
It's upside down.
The world?
The poles have
reversed themselves?
I've been mapping
the cities below.
The world wasn't created in a
deluge. It was covered by it.
That's blasphemy!
No. it's true.
I've seen it with my own eyes. There
is land. It's right under our keel.
None of it's dry anymore.
Some is.
Enola's been there. I know
that now. I saw what she drew.
This is ridiculous.
Going after the Smokers?
He doesn't even know which
direction they came from.
If she's alive.
I'll bring her back to you.
Forget the mute-o. Helen. If
he brings her back. they'll kill us all!
I can't stand it. We gotta go help
him. I can't ask him to do this alone.
Oh. don't worry. my dear.
You're not going to have to.
Hey. Doc. what's this here? Where?
Right there. above the
squiggle. What. there?
Looks like a star.
Or a meteor.
It's a mole.
You got that tattoo
figured out yet?
It would be easier if it
was flat. big and flat.
It needs to be flat.
What you got in mind?
Well. you cut it off her back. You stretch
it. mount it. Give us a proper look.
Take her down
below until I holler.
Saint Joe. we're close.
After centuries of shame.
They're getting ugly.
Don't I know it.
Announce me. cousin.
Hey. Here he is.
Deacon!
Rise up.
brothers and sisters.
Turn your eyes
and open your hearts
to your humble benefactor.
your spiritual shepherd
and dictator for life.
the Deacon of the 'Deez.
Deacon!
Children. Children
of the provider.
Citizens of the good ship.
Please. now. hear me speak.
I've had a vision.
Yeah. we're tired
of your visions!
What about the land
you promised us?
Yeah!
Oh. ye of little faith.
I've had a vision so great
that as it came to me.
I wept.
And in this splenditudinous
figment of wonder...
Is that Bone's ride?
Is that blood on the seat?... I saw.
And you know what
it is that I saw.
I saw the land.
Dryland! Dryland!
Horse. that you?
Look. just bring it in slow.
okay? I don't have all day.
Horse!
Just bring it up slow.
I said slow! No!
You killed Smitty. cousin.
Nice landing.
Smitty. man!
Always in the way!
Smitty? I quit!
I'm in charge now. baby!
Come on. move!
Move! I'm in charge!
I'm in charge!
No way!
And he said
this to me personally.
We are to go there.
and we are to settle it.
And we are to build a...
Shouldn't be doing that.
You're gonna get in trouble.
That's right.
You're not afraid.
You've got your pet freak
coming to rescue you.
He's not a freak. and
he can take you anytime.
He's killed dozens of people. and he
doesn't have any mercy or anything.
He even kills little girls.
Haven't we all?
Dang.
It's Horse.
Horse?
Find him. Find him!
Come on!
Yes! Yes! Yes!
Come on.
Getting nervous.
aren't you?
I don't get nervous.
And if there's
a river. we'll dam it.
And if there's a tree.
we'll ram it.
'Cause I'm talking
progress here.
Yes. sir.
I'm talking development.
Yeah!
For we shall suck
and savor the sweet flavor
of Dryland.
Your face is all red.
Helen said with anybody
that has a face that red.
he's either had too much
sun or too much to drink.
All right. that's it.
I'm gonna burn your face.
Almost time.
What's up?
We're just talking
about her friend.
What's his name?
He doesn't have a name.
So death can't find him.
Doesn't have a home
or people to care for.
He's not afraid of anything.
men least of all.
He's fast and strong
like a big wind.
He can hear 100 miles
and see 100 miles underwater.
He could be right behind you. and you
won't even know it till you're dead!
Give it a rest.
He'll come for me.
He will.
We are the reason.
Yeah?
Well. I hope he does.
The Lord's creation.
Remember you said that.
Look at us.
Look at us here today.
Yeah!
Dryland is not just
our destination.
but it is our destiny!
Find him. Find him!
"How can I find
this glorious place?"
And he said to me.
"A child shall lead you."
A child.
And behold!
It's time.
The instrument
of our salvation!
Our guide in the wild.
Our beacon in the darkness.
Turn her around. Nord.
She has shown me the path!
And before the holy-most
moment is upon us.
let's sacrifice
one to old Saint Joe.
And let's get this tub
of junk up to speed.
Yeah.
Pull!
Pull.
So which way we rowing?
I don't have a damn clue.
Don't worry.
They'll row for a month before
they figure out I'm faking it.
But why?
Oh. you want details.
Well. I'm not telling these savages
that we haven't solved the map yet.
I promised them results.
and I'll get them if I gotta
cut them out of her back.
Who is that?
Maybe one of
the spare rowers?
Why aren't you rowing?
It's him.
It is him.
You guys
are in so much trouble.
Well. I'll be damned.
It's the gentleman guppy.
You know. he's like
a toilet that won't flush.
I want the girl.
You know. I thought
you were stupid. friend.
But I underestimated you.
You're a total slime-o.
I want the girl.
That's all.
Well. what on this screwed-up earth
makes you think you're gonna get her?
You know what this is?
I drop it. you burn.
We all burn.
Now. wait.
wait. wait. wait.
Let's not do
anything rash here.
I mean. are you sure
she's worth all this?
She never does stop talking.
She never shuts up.
I noticed.
What is it. then?
It's the map.
She's my friend.
Golly gee. A single tear
rolls down my cheek.
I mean. you're gonna die
for your friend?
If it comes to that.
He's bluffing.
I'll kill him.
He's not bluffing.
He never bluffs.
Shut up!
I don't think you're gonna
drop that torch. my friend.
Why not?
Because you're not crazy.
No!
Oh. thank God.
Look out!
That's him!
Let's go!
Don't just stand there!
Kill something!
Was this your big vision?
I've always wanted
to drive this monster.
There he is!
That's him! There!
Let go! Let go!
I said. let go!
Let me go! Let go!
Pilot!
Let me go!
Let go!
You should've
stayed underwater.
Now. you know how to fly an
airplane? Lucky I do. huh?
Now. you stop it!
You behave yourself. now!
It's going down.
You can
see it sinking.
Gregor. bring us
right down on top of it.
Hurry. Gregor!
Don't worry.
Hurry.
Enola! Up here!
Grab on!
Are they on yet?
What is it?
I don't know!
Got you! I'm gonna rip
your cute little lungs out.
Pull! Almost.
No! Enola!
No!
Saint Joe. Hole in one.
Helen!
No! Enola!
Hey! Hey!
If I can't have Dryland.
no one will!
Oh. no! Quick!
What are we gonna do?
Tie this off.
Hurry!
Tie it!
Got it!
Get them up now.
Of course.
Of course. The numbers.
The numbers!
They must be it!
What?
I was swimming.
I saw.
My friends.
My friends. look.
This map... This map.
it bears a grid system with
numbers the ancients used
to determine geographic
location on the world.
Just like the numbers and
the symbols on Enola's back.
First they would determine the
angle of the sun using this.
and that would tell them where
they were located on the grid
and which direction
they had to go.
If I take a bearing
from the sun
and reverse the coordinates
on Enola's back.
then Dryland is that way!
It's fresh!
All of this!
I found something!
Maybe we should put
them under the dirt.
I think
it was their way.
They must have
known they were dying.
I'm home.
Where's the Mariner?
He was outside.
Wait. Wait!
I want to show you this.
First time in your life
you got nothing to say?
Enola. I have to go now.
But you came back
for me.
I like you.
Why are you leaving?
I don't belong here.
I belong out there.
You belong here.
It's too strange here.
It doesn't move right.
Helen said that
it's only landsickness.
We're all feeling it.
It'll go away soon.
It's more than that.
Well. goodbye.
my friend.
Oh. I have
something for you.
It's dirt.
Don't trade it
all in one place.
Or do!
It'll give you reason
to come back for more!
It's all I got.
Drifter.
It's enough.
Is it that easy for you
to just drift away?
Never said it was easy.
I don't understand.
I mean. you brought us here.
You belong here as much
as anyone. maybe more.
What do you think
you're going to find?
What are you looking for
out there?
Gregor once said there might
be others like me somewhere.
I have to know.
Helen. if I find any
others out there like you.
I'll tell them
about this place.
and how one woman with hope
and courage found it.
I have something for you.
something you'll need
on your journey.
I don't have much
to barter with.
It's no trade.
It's a gift.
No such thing in Waterworld.
Well. then let this
be the first.
It's a name.
It's from an old story about a
great warrior returning from battle.
He just set sail. and
the water god cursed him.
and for the next 10 years.
he drifted on the seas.
The warrior drifted on the seas.
unable to find his way home.
until finally the gods
took pity on him.
and they called up a warm wind
that blew him home to his family.
and he never
left them again.
His name was Ulysses.
It's a good name.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm